When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
You would want to use a remote repository if you want to share your work or collaborate with others.
You could also use a remote repository to back up your work.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
If somebody else makes a change to the remote, you might want to review it before pulling the changes.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Forks are clones of somebody else's repo on your GitHub account.  They only live on GitHub.
Clones are copies of a repo. You can clone a fork to your local machine to work on it.
Branches are different versions of the same repo.
You use a fork when you want to work on somebody else's repo but you don't have permission to push changes to it.
You use a branch when you want to make a different version of your code, like an experimental version.
You use a clone to make a copy of a branch from GitHub on your local machine.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
If you have a copy of the last known state of the remote, you can see if there have been changes
made on the remote that you don't have locally yet.
You can then merge those changes without touching your local master, and then choose to merge 
the two branches later and resolve conflicts if you need to.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
Without Git/GitHub, you could collaborate either by having everyone edit the same file, or using different
files and then manually merging them into a different one.
This would make merging and keeping track of changes much more difficult than when using git
It is easier to collaborate with git because everyone can work on and keep track of changes in their own version, 
and changes can be reviewed before they are merged into the production version.